= xmppbot

== DESCRIPTION:

Simple implementation on top of StropheRuby(http://github.com/flamontagne/strophe_ruby/).
It's for those who want to build simple xmpp bots quickly. It features only the essential :
- auto accept subscriptions
- callback for received messages
- callback for received presences
- a method to send messages and presences
- That's it

Warning : StropheRuby is very experimental at the moment. It is definitely NOT ready for production!

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

- Only tested under Debian
- No TLS support for now. It will work once TLS with OpenSSL is working in Strophe (http://code.stanziq.com/strophe)


== SYNOPSIS:

How to use it :
  
require 'xmppbot'

@bot=XMPPBot::Bot.new
@bot.jid="bot@example.com"
@bot.password="secret"
@bot.log_level = XMPPBot::Logging::DEBUG

def register_callbacks
    @bot.on_presence_received do |pres|
		puts "#{pres.from} is now #{pres.to_s}"
    end
    
    @bot.on_message_received do |msg|
		if msg.body == "exit"
			@bot.disconnect
		else
			stanza=XMPPBot::Message.new
			stanza.to=msg.from
			stanza.body="You said : #{msg.body}"
			@bot.send(stanza)
		end
    end
end

@bot.auto_accept_subscriptions = true
@bot.connect do |status|
    if status == XMPPBot::ConnectionEvents::CONNECT
		@bot.announce_presence
		register_callbacks
    else
		@bot.disconnect
    end
end  

== REQUIREMENTS:

* FIX (list of requirements)

== INSTALL:

* For now you can install the GEM in the pkg directory. Remember that you need StropheRuby to use XMPPBot ()

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
